OK let's dive into our a course project and let's build a complete blog with next.
S. and therefore also with the U.K.'s behind the scenes.
This will be a project which we gradually extend throughout the course and where we add more and more
features as we learn them.
And it's therefore a great opportunity for you to see what you learned in kind of theory in the previous
module in action and to practice these things.
Now I created a brand new next project year with the Create next app seal.
I used Norne as a server side framework template so I just use next on its own no UI package just the
settings you saw at the beginning of the course.
I therefore have that default folder with the index page with the default starting content and I started
my development server.
Well to see that page here.
Awesome.
Now lets add a bunch of pages and components and layouts and stuff like that to turn this into a more
beautiful blog like page which we then can extend with more features from the course.
Lets start.